# KronoDesk Documentation
Here you will find the documentation for KronoDesk.

#  Introduction

KronoDesk® is an integrated customer support system that includes help
desk ticketing, customer support forums and an online knowledge base in
a single user interface.

KronoDesk® includes a powerful and flexible help desk ticketing system
that can be quickly and easily tailored to meet your support needs. With
support for custom fields and workflows you can create different support
processes for your different products.

KronoDesk® provides a knowledge base and online support forums. making
your customers more self-sufficient with routine issues so that your
support personnel can focus their time on the critical issues and
complex enquiries.

This guide provides a quick step-by-step tutorial for configuring a
sample KronoDesk instance, adding some knowledge base articles, posting
and replying to some forum posts and finally logging and responding to
help desk tickets.

For further information on using KronoDesk, please refer to the more
comprehensive *KronoDesk User Manual*.

For information on setting up a new KronoDesk instance, creating
products and users and other administration tasks, please refer to the
*KronoDesk Administration Guide*.

#  Legal Notices

This publication is provided as is without warranty of any kind, either
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement.

This publication could include technical inaccuracies or typographical
errors. Changes are periodically added to the information contained
herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of the
publication. Inflectra^®^ Corporation may make improvements and/or
changes in the product(s) and/or program(s) and/or service(s) described
in this publication at any time.

The sections in this guide that discuss internet web security are
provided as suggestions and guidelines. Internet security is constantly
evolving field, and our suggestions are no substitute for an up-to-date
understanding of the vulnerabilities inherent in deploying internet or
web applications, and Inflectra^®^ cannot be held liable for any losses
due to breaches of security, compromise of data or other cyber-attacks
that may result from following our recommendations.

The section of the manual that describes modifying the Windows System
Registry ("Registry") should only be attempted by experienced Windows
administrators who are familiar with its organization and contents.
Inflectra^®^ cannot be held liable for any losses due to damage to the
system registry made by inexperienced personnel.

KronoDesk^®^ and Inflectra^®^ are either trademarks or registered
trademarks of Inflectra Corporation in the United States of America and
other countries. Microsoft®, Windows®, Explorer® and Microsoft Project®
are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. All other trademarks
and product names are property of their respective holders.

Please send comments and questions to:

> Technical Publications
>
> Inflectra Corporation
>
> 8121 Georgia Ave
>
> Suite 504
>
> Silver Spring, MD 20910
>
> U.S.A.
>
> [*support\@inflectra.com*](mailto:support@inflectra.com)
